---
title: Stored Payment Cards Integration
description: Allow logged-in shoppers to store and reuse stored payment cards.
icon: 'lucide:credit-card'
toc: false
---

The ESW Stored Payment Cards feature allows logged-in shoppers to securely save and reuse their payment cards for a faster, more convenient checkout experience. Key benefits include:

- **Accelerated Checkout**: Stored cards streamline the payment process, reducing friction and saving time at checkout.

- **Increased Conversions**: A faster checkout flow is proven to boost shopper conversion rates, directly contributing to higher retailer revenue.

- **Enhanced User Experience**: Repeat shoppers enjoy a smoother experience, increasing satisfaction and fostering brand loyalty.

- **Effortless Integration**: Delivered as a standard, plug-and-play SFCC plugin with minimal setup or development effort required.

## How does this work?

The diagram below illustrates the workflow between the ESW-SFCC plugin/cartridge, ESW Checkout, and ESW Payments.

::card
---
img: /image-20210916-090255.png
---
#title
Workflow

#content
Workflow between the ESW-SFCC plugin/cartridge, ESW Checkout, and ESW Payments
::

::alert{type="success" icon="lucide:badge-info"}
  **Workflow Assumptions** <br>
  - The shopper is **logged in**{style="color: tomato"} .
  - The checkout is executed in a secured context.
  - Both retailer and checkout domains use the same top-level domains
::

## Stored Payment Card Workflow

::steps{:level="4"}
  #### :smart-icon{name="lucide:shopping-basket" size=30} Shopper Adds Item to Cart

  The shopper adds a product to the cart and clicks the `Checkout` button.

  #### :smart-icon{name="lucide:log-in" size=30} Login Requirement
  
  If the shopper is not logged in, they are presented with two options:
   - Forced login
   - Optional guest checkout
   
   ::alert{type="secondary" icon="lucide:popcorn"}
     For this workflow, we assume the shopper logs in, as login is **required** to use the stored payment card feature.
   ::
   

  #### :smart-icon{name="lucide:package-plus" size=30} Order Creation in SFCC

  After login, the **ESW SFCC Plugin/Cartridge**{style="color: tomato"} creates an order in SFCC with the status set to `Created`.

  #### :smart-icon{name="lucide:shopping-cart" size=30} Checkout Initialization

  The plugin extracts the `registeredProfileId` and assembles the pre-order service request payload for the ESW Checkout API. This payload initializes the ESW checkout experience.

  #### :smart-icon{name="lucide:code-xml" size=30} ESW Checkout API Response

  Upon successful request, the ESW Checkout API returns:
  - A checkout URL to which the shopper will be redirected
  - A shopperAccessToken, which must be saved as a browser cookie named `esw-shopper-access-token`
    
  This token is used to authenticate the shopper at ESW Checkout.

  #### :smart-icon{name="lucide:folder-lock" size=30} Token Handling in SFCC Plugin

  The plugin handles the response as follows:
  - If the authentication token is present, it is saved as a cookie in the shopper’s browser <br>

  ::alert{icon="lucide:lightbulb"}
    The cookie domain is set based on the value in the ESW Top-Level Domain Preference. 
  ::
  
  - If the token is absent, the shopper is redirected to ESW Checkout without saving the token.

  #### :smart-icon{name="lucide:folder-lock" size=30} Authentication and Card Retrieval at ESW Checkout

  Once the shopper reaches the ESW Checkout and proceeds to the payment step:
  - ESW Checkout fetches the authentication token from the cookie
  - It validates the token
  - It then calls the ESW Payment API via server-to-server communication to retrieve the stored cards

  #### :smart-icon{name="lucide:wallet-cards" size=30} Display of Stored Cards

  The shopper is shown their saved cards in a dropdown menu, allowing for quick and convenient payment selection.
::


## Cookie Details `esw-shopper-access-token`

This cookie is used by ESW Checkout to authenticate the shopper and retrieve stored payment cards.

- **Name**{style="color: tomato"} : `esw-shopper-access-token`

- **Max-Age**{style="color: tomato"} : Inherits from the SFCC platform’s native session configuration

- **Domain**{style="color: tomato"} : `{your checkout domain}` e.g.,`mycheckoutdomain.com`

> This can be configured using the ESW Top Level Domain site preference under ESW Checkout Configuration in SFCC Business Manager.

- **Secure**{style="color: tomato"} : `true` (must be set to secure)

#### Sample HTTP Cookie Header

```sql 
Set-Cookie: esw-shopper-access-token=abcdef; Secure; Domain=mycheckoutdomain.com; Max-Age=3600
```

### Cookie Creation by Architecture

**Non-Headless Architecture (SiteGenesis / SFRA)**: The cookie is automatically created by the ESW SFCC plugin on the storefront.

**Headless Architecture**: In headless implementations, frontend developers are responsible for creating the cookie using the above details.

> The ESW SFCC plugin cannot directly create client-side cookies in a headless storefront environment.

## First-time Experience

For returning shoppers using the ESW Checkout, a prompt is displayed during the payment process offering them the option to save their card for future use.

This ensures that:

- Shoppers can choose to opt-in to store their card securely.

- Once saved, the card will appear as a selectable option in future checkouts, streamlining the payment experience.

- The feature enhances convenience and encourages repeat purchases by reducing friction at checkout.

::card
---
img: /save the card for later use.png
---
#title
First-time Experience

#content
A prompt is displayed during the payment process offering them the option to save their card for future use.
::

## Repeat Shoppers Experience

For returning shoppers who have previously saved their cards, the ESW Checkout automatically:

- Displays the saved cards as selectable options during the payment step.

- Presents the cards in a dropdown menu, allowing the shopper to choose a stored card for faster checkout.

- Enables a seamless and convenient experience, reducing payment time and enhancing shopper satisfaction.

::card
---
img: /listed saved cards.png
---
#title
Repeat Shoppers Experience

#content
The returning shoppers are presented with the saved cards
::

## Options for Testing in Sandbox/Staging Environment

There are two ways to test the stored payment cards feature in a sandbox or staging environment:

### Option 1: Matching Top-Level Domains

Ensure the top-level domain (TLD) for both the SFCC testing instance and the ESW Checkout is the same.

> This allows the cookie `esw-shopper-access-token` to be shared seamlessly between domains.

### Option 2: Matching Top-Level Domains

If the SFCC sandbox TLD differs from the ESW Checkout TLD, you must manually update the cookie for the ESW Checkout domain. Follow these steps:

::steps{:level="4"}
  #### :smart-icon{name="lucide:chef-hat" size=30} Verify Cookie Creation

  Confirm that the `esw-shopper-access-token` cookie is successfully created for the SFCC domain e.g., `zyfl-001.dx.commercecloud.salesforce.com`.

  ::alert{type="secondary" icon="lucide:cookie"}
    Refer to the screenshot for cookie details.
  ::

  #### :smart-icon{name="lucide:cooking-pot" size=30} Update Cookie Domain After Redirection

  Once redirected to ESW Checkout, manually update the domain of the `esw-shopper-access-token` cookie to match the ESW Checkout TLD e.g., `.eshopworld.com`

  #### :smart-icon{name="lucide:cookie" size=30} Verify Stored Cards Availability

  After the cookie is correctly set for the ESW Checkout domain, the :smart-icon{name="lucide:wallet-cards" size=20} stored cards payment option will be enabled and visible during checkout.


  ::card
  ---
  img: /image-20220124-094735.png
  ---
  #title
  Testing In Sandbox/Staging Environment

  #content
  Stored cards payment option enabled
  ::
:: 
 
   
   