---
title: Inventory Check Validation
description: Perform inventory checks before payment is processed.
icon: 'lucide:scan-search'
---

The Inventory Check Validation feature allows retailers to verify product availability before processing payment. This ensures a smoother shopper experience by preventing pre-authorization holds on funds for out-of-stock items.

## Preferences

To enable or disable this feature, configure the following custom preferences under `Merchant Tools > Site Preferences > Custom Preferences > ESW Checkout Configuration`

## Inventory Check Preferences

| :smart-icon{name="catppuccin:binary" size=20 class="dark:text-white"} **Preference** | :smart-icon{name="streamline-ultimate-color:bookmarks-document" size=20 class="dark:text-white"} **Description** |
|---|---|
| `Enable ESW Inventory Check` | Toggles inventory validation during the order confirmation webhook call, prior to order placement. |
| `Redirection` | Defined under ESW URL Expansion Pairs. Specifies the fallback URL if inventory validation fails. <br><br>**Example:** `InventoryCheckFailurePageUrl\|EShopWorld-GetCart` |


This setup ensures that if the inventory check fails, the shopper is redirected to the appropriate page—typically the cart page—to review and update their order.

## Inventory Check Behavior (When Enabled)

When the Enable ESW Inventory Check preference is turned on in the checkout configuration, inventory validation is triggered during the order confirmation webhook, before the order is placed.

### ✅ If Inventory is Available

- All line items pass the inventory check.

- The order is placed successfully.

- The shopper is shown the Order Confirmation page on the ESW checkout.

### ❌ If Inventory is Unavailable

- One or more line items are out of stock.

- The order status is set to `Fail`.

- The shopper is redirected to either the cart or checkout page, depending on the redirection configuration.

- An inventory error message is displayed to inform the shopper.

### Inventory Check Failure

If the Inventory Check feature is enabled and any of the ordered items are out of stock during the order confirmation step, the shopper is redirected back to the cart page.

- The storefront cart is automatically repopulated with the original order items.

- An `Out of Stock` error message is displayed.

- This message and cart state persist until the SFCC storefront session expires.

::alert{icon="lucide:lightbulb"}
  The `EShopWorld-ValidateInventory` endpoint is configured on the tenant side. This endpoint is called by ESW to validate inventory availability in SFCC and returns a boolean response indicating whether the items are in stock.
::