---
title: Languages & Domains
description: Add languages and domains for each Market in Shopify Admin
icon: lucide:arrow-down-a-z
---

## Managing Languages

You can manage and configure multiple storefront languages directly from your Shopify Admin:

- **Languages Section:** Add, edit, and maintain all languages available in your store.

- **Markets Section:** Assign specific languages to each market to deliver a localized shopping experience for different regions.

## Considerations for Managing Languages

When managing languages and translations for your Shopify store and markets, keep the following in mind:

✅ **Meet Multi-Language Requirements:** Ensure your store is eligible and meets the requirements for selling in multiple languages.

🌐 **Theme and Checkout Support:** Adding a language automatically provides translations only for supported themes and checkout flows. For other store content, you’ll need to import translations or use a translation app.

📝 **Providing Translations**: When adding a new language:

1. You must have translations ready or
2. Install and configure a translation app (e.g., Translate & Adapt) and assign the language to a market.
3. Translation apps can also be found in the Shopify App Store.

⚠️ **Publishing Without Translations**: If you publish a language without uploading translations:
 1. Shopify prompts you to add translations.
 2. Only theme and checkout translations will display; other content remains untranslated.

🌍 **International Domains Requirement**: To manage languages per market, you must have international domains configured. Without international domains, language settings are shared across all active markets.


## Add a Language to Your Online Store

Follow these steps to add a new language to your Shopify store:

::steps{:level="4"}

#### :smart-icon{name="streamline-ultimate-color:settings-slider-desktop-horizontal" size=50} Navigate to Language Settings  

- From your **Shopify Admin**, go to:  
  **Settings → Languages**


#### :smart-icon{name="streamline-ultimate-color:folder-add" size=50} Add a New Language  

- Click **Add Language**.
- In the dialog, select the desired language from the drop-down menu.


#### :smart-icon{name="streamline-ultimate-color:shop-like" size=50} Select Markets  

- If you have **no international domains** or **only one market**:
  - Click **Add**.
- If you have **multiple markets** and international domains set up:
  - Click **Next**.
  - Toggle the **markets** you want to apply the language to.
  - Click **Done**.

#### :smart-icon{name="streamline-ultimate-color:conversation-sync" size=50} Add Translations  

- **Option 1:** Use the **Translate & Adapt** app to import your translated content.
- **Option 2:** Install a **translation app** from the Shopify App Store and follow its instructions to translate and publish new languages.

::alert{type="secondary" icon="lucide:info"}
Adding multiple languages allows your store to reach international customers and improve their shopping experience by displaying localized content.
::

<br>

**Publish the Language to Your Online Store**

::steps{:level="4"}

#### :smart-icon{name="streamline-ultimate-color:settings-slider-desktop-horizontal" size=45} Access Language Settings  

- From your **Shopify Admin**, navigate to **Settings → Languages**


#### :smart-icon{name="streamline-ultimate-color:app-window-text" size=45} Select Language to Publish  

- Under **Unpublished Languages**, click the **… (More Options)** menu next to the language you want to publish.
- Select **Publish**.


#### :smart-icon{name="streamline-ultimate-color:floppy-disk-2" size=45} Save Changes  

- Click **Save** to make the selected language available to customers in your store.

::alert{type="info" icon="lucide:info"}
Once published, customers can view and shop in the newly enabled language on your storefront.
::


## Manage Languages for Markets

In Shopify, you can add, manage, and set default languages for each market through the Markets section of your admin panel.

### Prerequisites

- You must configure international domains using subfolders, domains, or subdomains to manage languages per market.

- Without international domains:
 - Language settings are shared across all active markets.
 - You cannot configure language settings for individual markets.

### Add a Language to a Market

<div class="mt-2 bg-white/10 border border-white/10 text-sm text-white rounded-lg p-4" role="alert" tabindex="-1" aria-labelledby="hs-soft-color-light-label">
  <span id="hs-soft-color-light-label" class="font-bold">Light</span> Before you can assign a language to a specific market, you must [add the language](/shopify/configuration/add-languages-and-domains#add-a-language-to-your-online-store) in the Languages section of your Shopify admin.
</div>