---
title: ESW Marketing Opt-In
description: create newsletters, notification emails, and SMS for shoppers.
icon: 'lucide:at-sign'
toc: false
---

The ESW Marketing Opt-in feature enables retailers to manage shopper communication preferences more effectively. Below are the key benefits and capabilities:

- **Targeted Communications:** Create separate newsletters, notification emails, and SMS campaigns specifically for shoppers who have opted in.

- **Seamless Opt-In Handling:** The opt-in preference of registered shoppers can be passed in the pre-order payload, automatically enabling the opt-in checkbox at ESW checkout for those who previously subscribed.

- **Flexible Opt-Out Option:** Shoppers retain control and can opt out anytime by unchecking the opt-in box during checkout.

- **Integration with Marketing Platforms:** Opt-in data can be stored and synced with external marketing platforms such as Salesforce Marketing Cloud (SFMC), Bronto, and others, enabling centralized campaign management.


## How it works


### 1. ESW Email Marketing Opt-in

::card-group
  ::card
  ---
  title: Step 1 – Pre-Order
  icon: streamline-ultimate-color:mobile-shopping-cart-exchange
  icon-size: 65
  ---
  The shopper adds items to the cart and clicks **Checkout**.
  
  - **Logged-in + Opt-In Enabled**: 
    Metadata is included in the pre-order request to **enable** email marketing opt-in on ESW checkout. 

    <br>
  
  - **Guest or Opt-In Disabled**: 
    Metadata is included to **disable** email marketing opt-in.
  ::

  ::card
  ---
  title: Step 2 – Post-Order
  icon: streamline-ultimate-color:shop-sign-bag
  icon-size: 60
  ---
  After a successful payment, ESW places the order and calls SFCC to update the order record. <br>

  - **Opted In at Checkout**:  
    ESW retrieves the SFCC profile (if it exists) and sets  
    `custom.eswMarketingOptIn = true`.

    <br>

  - **Opted Out at Checkout**:  
    SFCC profile is updated to  
    `custom.eswMarketingOptIn = false`.
  ::
::


### 2. ESW SMS Marketing Opt-in

::card-group
  ::card
  ---
  title: Step 1 – Pre-Order
  icon: streamline-ultimate-color:mobile-shopping-cart-exchange
  icon-size: 65
  ---
  When the shopper adds an item to the cart and clicks **Checkout**:

  1. **Logged-in Shopper (Opted In)**  
  If SMS opt-in is enabled in the shopper’s profile:  
    - `eswSMSOptin: true` is sent in the pre-order metadata. 
    - The SMS checkbox is pre-selected on the ESW checkout.


  2. **Guest or Opted Out Shopper**  
  If the shopper is a guest or has not enabled SMS opt-in:  
    - `eswSMSOptin: false` is sent in the pre-order metadata.  
    - The checkbox will be **unchecked** by default.
  ::

  ::card
  ---
  title: Step 2 – Post-Order (Registered Shoppers)
  icon: streamline-ultimate-color:shop-sign-bag
  icon-size: 60
  ---
  After successful checkout, ESW calls SFCC to update the shopper’s preferences:
  
  <br>

  1. **Checked SMS Opt-In**  
    - `custom.eswSMSOptin = true` is saved to the profile.


  2. **Unchecked SMS Opt-In**  
    - `custom.eswSMSOptin = false` is saved to the profile.
  ::
::

::stack
  ::div{class="p-6 text-lg font-bold"}
  Guest
  ::
  ::card-group{:cols="2"}
  ::card
  ---
  title: Guest with Matching Profile
  icon: streamline-ultimate-color:laptop-user
  icon-size: 65
  ---
  If a guest shopper uses an email that matches an existing SFCC profile:
  1. **Checked Opt-In at Checkout**  
    - `custom.eswSMSOptin = true` is updated in the profile.

  2. **Did Not Check Opt-In**  
    - No changes are made to the profile.
  ::

  ::card
  ---
  title: Post-Registration Guest
  icon: streamline-ultimate-color:single-neutral-folder-box
  icon-size: 60
  ---
  If the guest registers after placing the order:Their **new profile** will reflect the SMS opt-in value captured during the ESW checkout.
  ::
::

## ESW Opt-In Configuration in the Customer Profile

Customer profiles in SFCC can be used to manage ESW marketing opt-in preferences, enabling merchants to target subscribed shoppers with personalized campaigns such as newsletters, emails, and SMS.

### Accessing Customer Profiles

**To view and manage opt-in preferences:** Navigate to `Merchant Tools > Customers > Customer Profile`

### ESW Opt-In Preferences

Each customer profile includes the following custom attributes:

- **ESW Marketing Opt-In:** Indicates whether the customer has opted in to ESW marketing emails.

- **ESW SMS Marketing Opt-In:** Indicates whether the customer has opted in to ESW SMS marketing.

## Shopper Experience

This section describes how the ESW Marketing Opt-In and SMS Opt-In features impact the shopper journey during checkout.

### First-Time Shopper Experience

For new or guest shoppers who have not previously set their Marketing Opt-In or SMS Marketing Opt-In preferences:

- When they proceed to the ESW checkout, both opt-in checkboxes (Email and SMS) will be unchecked by default.

- Shoppers have the option to manually opt in by checking either or both boxes during checkout.

- Their selections will be captured and stored:

  - For guest shoppers, the preferences will be applied to their profile if they register later.

  - For returning shoppers, the preferences will be updated in their existing SFCC customer profile.


::card-group{:cols="2"}
  ::card
  ---
  img: /First time shopper experience 1 (1).jpg
  ---
  #title
  First-Time Shopper Experience

  #content
  Customer Profile Attributes
  ::


  ::card
  ---
  img: /First time shopper experience 2 (1).jpg
  ---
  #title
  First-Time Shopper Experience

  #content
  Checkout Page
  ::

  ::card
  ---
  img: /First time shopper experience 3.jpg
  ---
  #title
  First-Time Shopper Experience

  #content
  Customer Profile Attributes
  ::
::

### Repeat / Return Shopper Experience

For returning shoppers who have previously opted in to Marketing and/or SMS communications:

- The corresponding opt-in checkboxes on the ESW checkout will be pre-selected based on their saved preferences.

- Shoppers can still update their preferences during checkout by checking or unchecking the boxes.

- Any changes made will automatically update the customer profile in SFCC, ensuring accurate and up-to-date consent records.


::card
---
img: /Repeat shopper experience 1 (1).jpg
---
#title
Repeat/Return Shopper Experience

#content
Returning Shoppers are presented with the Marketing opt-in & SMS Marketing opt-in selected
::


## Testing in Sandbox/Staging Environment

To verify the functionality of the Marketing Opt-In and SMS Marketing Opt-In features, follow these steps:

::steps{:level="4"}

#### :smart-icon{name="streamline-ultimate-color:shopping-cart-full" size=45} Step 1: Login and Checkout  

- Log in as an **existing registered customer**.
- Add a product to the basket and proceed to **Checkout**.
- On the **ESW checkout page**, verify that:
  - The **Marketing Opt-In** checkbox matches the profile attribute.
  - The **SMS Marketing Opt-In** checkbox matches the profile attribute.

#### :smart-icon{name="streamline-ultimate-color:credit-card-smartphone-exchange" size=45} Step 2: Update and Place Order  

- Check or uncheck the **Marketing** and **SMS Opt-In** checkboxes as desired.
- Complete the checkout process and place the order.

#### :smart-icon{name="streamline-ultimate-color:common-file-add" size=45} Step 3: Verify Profile Update  

- After the order is placed, go to:  
  **Business Manager → Customers → Profiles**
- Open the customer record and confirm that the customer profile attributes have updated.

::alert{type="primary" icon="lucide:gift"}
These updates are triggered automatically by the order confirmation webhook from ESW to SFCC.
::
