---
title: Product Catalog Sync
description: Ingest Product Catalog Data
icon: lucide:folder-sync
---

## Ingest Product Catalog Data

::steps
### Subscribe and sync Shopify product data with ESW using the ESW Catalog API

When a product is created or updated in Shopify, the app receives a product update event containing the full product data, ensuring synchronization.

::card
---
to: https://shopify.dev/docs/api/admin-rest/2025-04/resources/webhook#top
target: _blank
# showLinkIcon: false
icon: 'lucide:shopping-bag'
icon-size: 26
horizontal: true
---

#title
Shopify Webhook

#description
Subscribe to the `products/create` and `products/update` Webhooks in Shopify
::



### Post updated product details to ESW Catalog API.

After receiving the product data, call Upload Catalog Upload Catalog <Badge variant="outline" type="success" to="https://github.com/ZTL-UwU/shadcn-docs-nuxt" target="_blank">ESW API</Badge> to send it to ESW.

::tabs{variant="card"}

::json [Request Example]
[
  {
    "productCode": "11160296020014",
    "name": "JACKET",
    "description": "JACKET",
    "material": "FABRIC 53% cotton, 21% polyester, 21% acrylic, 4% viscose, 1% polyester, lining 100% polyester",
    "countryOfOrigin": "IT",
    "hsCode": "62043290",
    "hsCodeRegion": "EU",
    "category": null,
    "gender": null,
    "ageGroup": null,
    "size": null,
    "weight": null,
    "weightUnit": null,
    "url": null,
    "imageUrl": null,
    "unitPrice": null,
    "dangerousGoods": null,
    "additionalProductCode": null,
    "variantProductCode": null
  }
]
::

::div{label="Parameters" icon="lucide:atom"}
::field-group

  ::field{name="productCode" type="string" required}
  Brand's unique master identifier or SKU. Should match the SKU used on the retailer’s site.
  ::

  ::field{name="name" type="string" required}
  Product name. Should match product title on landing page and include distinguishing features.
  ::

  ::field{name="description" type="string" required}
  Short description used for customs clearance.
  ::

  ::field{name="material" type="string" required}
  Primary and secondary materials, used for customs clearance.
  ::

  ::field{name="countryOfOrigin" type="string" required}
  ISO 3166 alpha-2 code of the product's country of manufacture.
  ::

  ::field{name="hsCode" type="string" required}
  HS code (minimum 6 digits, padded to 8). Required for customs.
  ::

  ::field{name="hsCodeRegion" type="string" required}
  ESW-defined region corresponding to the HS code.
  ::

  ::field{name="category" type="string"}
  Optional ESW product category.
  ::

  ::field{name="gender" type="string"}
  Intended gender for the product.
  ::

  ::field{name="ageGroup" type="string"}
  Intended age group for the product.
  ::

  ::field{name="size" type="string"}
  Size of the product (e.g., Small, Large, 32D).
  ::

  ::field{name="weight" type="number"}
  Product weight without packaging. Required if weightUnit is set.
  ::

  ::field{name="weightUnit" type="string"}
  Unit of measure for the weight. Required if weight is specified.
  ::

  ::field{name="url" type="string"}
  Link to the product’s landing page. Required for shipments to Russia & Japan.
  ::

  ::field{name="imageUrl" type="string"}
  URL of the product’s main image thumbnail.
  ::

  ::field{name="unitPrice" type="number"}
  Unit price of the product. Required if unitPriceCurrencyIso is set.
  ::

  ::field{name="unitPriceCurrencyIso" type="string"}
  Currency ISO code for unit price. Required if unitPrice is set.
  ::

  ::field{name="dangerousGoods" type="boolean"}
  Indicates if the product is classified as Dangerous Goods or HazMat.
  ::

  ::field{name="additionalProductCode" type="string"}
  Alternate product code such as manufacturer’s code.
  ::

  ::field{name="variantProductCode" type="string"}
  Another version of the master SKU for variants.
  ::

  ::field{name="isRestricted" type="boolean"}
  Whether the product is restricted globally, regardless of destination.
  ::

  ::field{name="MID" type="string"}
  Manufacturer Identification code. Required for shipments to/from US if order value ≥ $800.
  ::

  ::field{name="MIDAddressZip" type="string"}
  Merchant’s registered address ZIP. Required if MID is set and Country of Origin is China.
  ::

  ::field{name="AdditionalInformation" type="string"}
  Optional extra information about the product.
  ::

  ::field{name="CategoryInformation" type="string"}
  Data categorizing the type of goods or services.
  ::

  ::field{name="isSubscription" type="boolean"}
  Indicates if the product can be bought via subscription.
  ::

  ::field{name="isCustomized" type="boolean"}
  Indicates if the product is customized.
  ::
::




           