---
title: Overview
description: Introduction to the Fulfillment API
icon: 'lucide:binoculars'
toc: false
---

## Overview

The ESW Fulfillment APIs provide a set of structured, RESTful integration endpoints that replicate standard EDI-based fulfillment data flows between retailers and third-party logistics (3PL) systems. These APIs enable the automated, real-time exchange of catalog, inventory, order, and shipment data across platforms—ensuring consistency, transparency, and scalability for global operations.

While each API corresponds to an EDI transaction type (e.g., `832`, `846`, `850`), the implementation is fully API-first, providing modern payload formats (typically JSON) and transport mechanisms optimized for performance and reliability.

## API Functional Overview

### 1. Inventory Update – `EDI 846`
Provides real-time inventory visibility. The 3PL’s system updates stock levels, locations, and availability through this API, allowing retailers to ensure product listings reflect accurate availability.

### 2. Order Creation – `EDI 850`
Initiates fulfillment by transmitting customer order details from the retailer to the 3PL. Payloads include order items, quantities, customer and shipping data, and any special handling instructions.

### 3. Order Validation /Acknowledgement  – `EDI 855`
Communicates acceptance or rejection of an order following validation by the 3PL. Enables the retailer’s system to handle partial fulfillment or restocking scenarios before shipment begins.

### 4. Order Shipped – `EDI 856  / Package API`
Sends shipment confirmations back to the retailer once an order has been picked, packed, and dispatched. Provides tracking numbers, carrier details, and package-level shipment data to support downstream customer notifications.

## Integration Purpose

These APIs establish a unified, scalable fulfillment backbone managed by ESW. They standardize communication across the entire order lifecycle, reduce manual synchronization, and enable multi-node, cross-border operations with the precision and efficiency required for global commerce.

## Access Tokens

Use these examples to get an access token:

::code-group
  ```shell
  curl --location --request POST 'HOST_ADDRESS/connect/token' \
    --form 'grant_type=client_credentials' \
    --form 'scope=checkout.preorder.api.all' \
    --form 'client_id=YOUR_CLIENT_ID' \
    --form 'client_secret=YOUR_CLIENT_SECRET'
  ```

  ```c# [C#]
  var client = new RestClient("HOST_ADDRESS/connect/token");
  client.Timeout = -1;

  var request = new RestRequest(Method.POST);
  request.AlwaysMultipartFormData = true;

  request.AddParameter("grant_type", "client_credentials");
  request.AddParameter("scope", "checkout.preorder.api.all");
  request.AddParameter("client_id", "YOUR_CLIENT_ID");
  request.AddParameter("client_secret", "YOUR_CLIENT_SECRET");

  IRestResponse response = client.Execute(request);
  Console.WriteLine(response.Content);
  ```
::

Substitute the following variables as follows:

**Request URL**

::tabs{variant="line"}
  ::div{label="Sandbox"}
  https://security-sts.sandbox.eshopworld.com/connect/token
  ::
  ::div{label="Test"}
  https://security-sts.test.eshopworld.net/connect/token
  ::
  ::div{label="Pre-Production"}
  https://security-sts.preprod.eshopworld.net/connect/token
  ::
  ::div{label="Production"}
  https://security-sts.production.eshopworld.net/connect/token
  ::
::

| Key | Description |
|---|---|
| `grant_type` | The type of access to the users (for example, `client_credentials`). |
| `scope` | The scope required by the client to access the API. The scope varies for each API and client. |
| `client_id` | The unique ID assigned to each retailer by eShopWorld. |
| `client_secret` | The client secret provided for the client. |

## Access Token Response

The following response includes the access token number and the type of token (`token_type`), such as `Bearer`.

```json
{
    "access_token": "eyJhbGciOiJSUzI1NiIsImtpZC...I6IjQ3NkQ1QzE5QzI1Nzc0NUV",
    "expires_in": 3600,
    "token_type": "Bearer",
    "scope": "checkout.preorder.api.all"
}
```

::alert{type="success" icon="lucide:lightbulb"}
  ESW APIs are based on Representational State Transfer (REST). The APIs follow industry standards and use predictable and resource-oriented URLs. The APIs use HTTP methods for operations and support input as well as output in JSON format.
::

