---
title: Pricing Models
description: Configure pricing models per country through the SFCC Business Manager.
icon: 'lucide:coins'
---

## Fixed Pricing Model

A Fixed pricing model is a localized price that is not dynamically converted based on real-time foreign exchange (FX) rates. This price is taken directly from the standard price books in Salesforce B2C Commerce and used as-is.

However, this model is subject to certain conditions:

- It must be configured in the ESW Pricing Configurations Site Preferences using the fields `ESW Fixed List PriceBook Pattern` and `ESW Fixed Sale PriceBook Pattern`.

- The corresponding Fixed Price Books must exist and match the defined price book ID patterns.

- These price books must include valid product price assignments (definitions).

---
## Fixed Pricing Model Requirements

### Single Fixed Price Display

Only one fixed price will be shown if:

- There is a single fixed price available in one of the Fixed Price Books (either list or sale), or

- Only one Fixed Price Book is configured in the ESW Site Preferences, and it contains a valid product price assignment.

### Fallback When No Price Is Found
If no fixed price is assigned to the product from the configured Fixed Price Books, the price will be displayed as `null` or `N/A`.

### Site Assignment Restriction

Fixed Price Books must not be assigned to any Site. If they are, Salesforce B2C Commerce will treat them as regular price books, and they will be excluded from fixed price rendering.
To be considered for fixed pricing, these price books must be active and indexed.

### Currency and Price Book Setup

In-country fixed prices are managed through price books under the Currency configuration.

For countries using this model:

- You must add non-default currencies to Salesforce Commerce Cloud.

- Once added, orders will be stored using the newly configured currency.

- On the Welcome Mat, currency selection will be disabled, and the default currency from the ‘ESW Countries’ custom object will be used.

- The country must have the ‘Is Fixed Price Model’ flag enabled in the ESW Countries custom object to activate this pricing model.