---
title: ABTasty Integration
description: Run A/A, A/B and other tests on the storefront
icon: 'lucide:flask-conical'
toc: false
---

AB Tasty is a tool which can be used to run A/A, A/B and other tests on the storefront. Choosing AB Tasty over Salesforce Commerce Cloud’s (SFCC) default A/B testing offers several advantages.

## Advantages

- **Comprehensive and Flexible**: AB Tasty offers a more robust and flexible platform for running experiments and delivering personalized experiences.

- **Wide Range of Test Types**: Supports various test types, including: **Multivariate tests**{style="color: teal"}, **Multipage tests**{style="color: teal"}. These allow for more detailed and complex experiments.

- **User-Friendly Interface**: AB Tasty’s intuitive UI and advanced targeting features allow retailers to easily customize campaigns based on: **User behavior**, **Demographics** etc.

- **Detailed Analytics and Insights**: ABTasty provides rich analytics and reporting tools that deliver deep insights into user behavior and interaction. This helps retailers make data-driven decisions to continuously optimize the site experience.

- **Centralized Reporting**: While SFCC’s native A/B testing reports are limited to the SFCC instance, AB Tasty enables **centralized reporting** that is accessible to plugin developers to obtain centralized test results.

Retailers can define and manage A/B tests and personalization campaigns **directly within the AB Tasty platform**. Once configured, tests and campaigns are seamlessly applied to the **SFCC storefront**, enabling:

- Dynamic content adjustments
- User experience optimizations


## SFCC Configuration

The custom site preference `ESW AB Tasty Script Path` in the **ESW Retailer Display Configuration** is used to define the **URL path for the AB Tasty script**. The cartridge includes the below script in the header so that AB tasty script is enabled if configured.

::card
---
img: /1.jpg
---
#title
URL Script

#content
ESW AB Tasty Script Path in the ESW Retailer Display Configuration.
::


## Testing

### AB Tasty Configuration

#### Test A – Default (Control Group)
Display Disabled Checkout Button incase restricted products are in cart (Default)

#### Test B – Variant
Hide Checkout Button incase restricted products are in cart <br>

Below is the configuration steps for one of the tests:

::steps
  ### :smart-icon{name="lucide:test-tubes" size=25} Create Tests

  Select the environment in the AB tasty platform and create the tests

  ::card
  ---
  img: /image-20250305-143458.png
  ---
  #title
  Create Tests

  #content
  Display/hide checkout button
  ::

  ### :smart-icon{name="lucide:beaker" size=25} Configure environment
  
  Ensure the URL for the correct environment is configured

  ::card
  ---
  img: /image-20250305-143521.png
  ---
  #title
  Configure environment

  #content
  Display/hide checkout button
  ::

  ### :smart-icon{name="lucide:terminal" size=25} Add Code Changes

  Add code changes for the AB test. In this case, the code logic to hide button was added incase product restriction message is present on the storefront cart page.

  ::card
  ---
  img: /image-20250305-143543.png
  ---
  #title
  Add Code Changes

  #content
  Display/hide checkout button
  ::

  ### :smart-icon{name="lucide:tablet-smartphone" size=25} Add Goals and Target URL

  - Add Goals and then add Targeting URL. 
  - Ensure the Pages where the test will be displayed is a generic site URL to ensure that the test loads.

  ::card
  ---
  img: /image-20250305-143611.png
  ---
  #title
  Add Goals and Target URL

  #content
  Display/hide checkout button
  ::

  ### :smart-icon{name="lucide:arrow-down-up" size=25} Allocate Traffic

  In this example, the 50% of the traffic is allocated to Hide the checkout button and 50% is allocated to disable the button which is the original version.

  ::card
  ---
  img: /image-20250305-143628.png
  ---
  #title
  Allocate Traffic

  #content
  Display/hide checkout button
  ::

  ### :smart-icon{name="lucide:rss" size=25} Publish

  Compile and click on :shortcut{value="Open QA Assistant" size="md"} to publish live

  ::card
  ---
  img: /image-20250305-143646.png
  ---
  #title
  Publish

  #content
  Display/hide checkout button
  ::

  ::card
  ---
  img: /image-20250305-143717.png
  ---
  #title
  ABTasty Configuration

  #content
  Display/hide checkout button
  ::
::

## Using QA Assistant to check variation of campaign

Once configuration and test setup are complete, and the AB Tasty script is successfully loaded, the **storefront will open with the AB Tasty QA Assistant**{style="color: teal"} activated.

::card
  ---
  img: /2.jpg
  ---
  #title
  ABTasty Configuration

  #content
  Display/hide checkout button
  ::