---
title: Order Cancellation Integration
description:  ESW plugin allows retailers to synchronize cancelled orders status between SFCC & ESW
icon: 'lucide:package-x'
toc: false
---

The ESW-SFCC cartridge enables bi-directional synchronization of cancelled order statuses between Salesforce Commerce Cloud (SFCC) and ESW, ensuring consistency regardless of where the cancellation is initiated.

## Supported Flows

SFCC :smart-icon{name="lucide:arrow-right-left" size=25} ESW: Orders cancelled in SFCC are synced with ESW automatically.

ESW :smart-icon{name="lucide:arrow-right-left" size=25} SFCC: Orders cancelled via the ESW CSP are pushed and reflected in SFCC.

## eShopWorld Order Cancellation (ESW to SFCC)
When an order is cancelled on the ESW portal, the ESW-SFCC cartridge automatically:

- Retrieves the cancellation status

- Cancels the corresponding order in SFCC

- Updates all relevant order records and statuses

This ensures that SFCC remains in sync with ESW for customer service and reporting accuracy.

::card
---
img: /att_5_for_580812939-20250501-100240.png
---
#title
Order Cancellation (ESW to SFCC)

#content
ESW-SFCC Cartridge allows retailers to cancel orders in SFCC if order cancelled via ESW CSP.
::

## ESW Webhooks Configuration

To enable automatic order cancellation sync from ESW to SFCC, retailers must configure a webhook subscription in their ESW tenant.

### Webhook Setup Requirements

- Retailers must subscribe an SFCC API endpoint in the ESW tenant configuration.

- This endpoint will be triggered by the `OrderCancelSucceedEvent`, which is fired when an order is cancelled in ESW.

- The **ESW-SFCC cartridge**{style="color: tomato"} provides an out-of-the-box (OOTB) endpoint that can be used for this purpose.

- An ESW integration engineer can assist retailers with setting up and subscribing the endpoint.