---
title: Order Confirmation Integration
description:  Show items purchased, the total amount paid, and the delivery and payment address details.
icon: 'lucide:list-check'
toc: false
---

The Order Confirmation page appears after the order is successfully placed. It shows the items purchased, the total amount paid, and the delivery and payment address details.

::card
---
img: /Screenshot 2025-07-10 123117.png
---
#title
Order Confirmation page

#content
Shows items purchased, the total amount paid, and the delivery and payment address details.
::

## Order Confirmation Request from ESW to SFCC

When an order is successfully placed, the ESW console sends an order confirmation request to SFCC. SFCC validates the request and applies the selected shipping method. If the request is invalid or an error occurs, SFCC returns an error response to the ESW console, and the order fails.

- For SFRA and SiteGenesis (SG) implementations, the `EShopWorld-Notify` endpoint is used to handle order confirmation requests.
- To configure a different endpoint, update the **ESW Metadata Items** custom preference within the ESW Checkout Configuration settings.

<br>

::alert{type="secondary" icon="lucide:pen-tool"}
  The parameters `OrderConfirmationUri_TestOnly|EShopWorld-Notify` and `OrderConfirmationBase64EncodedAuth_TestOnly|1` are required only in Sandbox environments.
::

## Inventory Check Validation in SFCC

- If the Enable ESW Inventory Check preference is enabled in the checkout configuration, inventory validation occurs during the order confirmation webhook—before the order is fully placed.
 1. If all line items are in stock, the order is successfully placed, and the Order Confirmation page is displayed at the ESW checkout.
 2. If any or all line items are out of stock, the order status is set to "Fail", and the shopper is redirected to the cart or checkout page based on the configuration. An inventory error message is also shown.

 ## Order Confirmation in the SFCC Business Manager

 When an order is placed, ESW Checkout sends a callback to the SFCC instance, writing additional order details to the custom attributes of the Order and Product Line Item system objects. If the incoming request is valid, SFCC updates the order statuses accordingly.

::card
---
img: /image-20211116-115120.png
---
#title
Order Confirmation in the SFCC Business Manager 

#content
Order Level Custom Attributes
::

The detailed item information is also available in the SFCC Business Manager (SFCC Administration)

::card
---
img: /image-20211116-115120.png
---
#title
Order Confirmation in the SFCC Business Manager 

#content
Order Item (Product Line Item) Level Custom Attributes
::
