---
title: Configure (OCAPI) Architecture
description: Configuring OCAPI
icon: 'lucide:file-cog'
---

This section outlines how to configure Shop API (SCAPI) resources under your OCAPI settings for ESW integration.

## Recommended Version
ESW recommends configuring Shop API version :badge[23.1]{variant="outline" type="info"} or later. This ensures full compatibility and optimal use of all cartridge features.


::alert{to="https://account.demandware.com/dwsso/XUI/?realm=/&goto=https://account.demandware.com:443/dwsso/oauth2/authorize?response_type%3Dcode%26client_id%3D70e0d585-9115-4cd2-89cd-1c8758ed2ce2%26scope%3Dopenid%2520roles%2520tenantFilter%2520profile%26state%3DA9ay02m5p_OuU0t5cjCkRkzXlbbbVxCIg_fzSUYfOAs%253D%26redirect_uri%3Dhttps://account.demandware.com:443/dw/oidc/openid_connect_login%26nonce%3DqM-AZ6_OPrJ57Wq8j1k-tcx-IhHfdbHCkvmMYoxKuMs#login/" target="_blank" icon="logos:salesforce"}
  You can generate a new client ID and password by logging in to the Commerce Cloud Account Manager.
::


## Add Shop API Resources

To enable ESW cartridge functionality, you must configure the required Shop API resources in your OCAPI settings. Follow these steps to add resources:

::steps{:level="4"}
  #### :smart-icon{name="streamline-ultimate-color:app-window-code" size=40}  Navigate to Open Commerce API Settings

  **Business Manager > Administration > Site Development > Open Commerce API Settings**




  #### :smart-icon{name="streamline-ultimate-color:app-window-text" size=40}  Open Dropdown
  
  In the `Select Type` dropdown, choose `Shop`
  

  #### :smart-icon{name="fluent-color:options-48" size=40}  Select Options

  In the Select Context dropdown, choose one of the following based on your use case:

  - Global (organization-wide configuration)

  - Site-specific (for a particular site only)


  #### :smart-icon{name="streamline-emojis:magnifying-glass-tilted-left" size=40} Locate File

  Locate the `ocapi-configurations.json` file in the documentation folder of the ESW cartridge.

  #### :smart-icon{name="streamline-ultimate-color:copy-paste-1" size=40} Copy the Shop API resource block

  Copy the Shop API resource block from the file and paste it into the configuration editor.

  #### :smart-icon{name="icon-park:exchange-four" size=40} Replace the placeholder value

  Replace the placeholder value for `client_id` with your actual client ID generated in Commerce Cloud Account Manager.

  #### :smart-icon{name="noto:floppy-disk" size=40} Save

  Click `Save` to apply the configuration.
::

::alert{type="secondary" icon="fxemoji:notepage"}
 `int_eshopworld_headless` is an overlay cartridge that includes all OCAPI customizations. You can duplicate the customizations in your cartridge by including the function calls in your OCAPI hook call files.
::

