---
title: Shopify Setup
description:  Configuration setup
icon: lucide:monitor-cog
---


## Add a Market in Shopify

To tailor your store for customers in a particular country or region, add a new market from the Markets page in your Shopify admin. 
When you add a new market, Shopify may suggest recommended markets based on stores similar to yours. These recommendations highlight countries or regions where you are likely to find success, using data from merchants with the same primary market.


::card
---
img: /market-creation.png
---
#title
Markets Creation

#content
Add a market
::

To add a new market in Shopify, follow these steps:

::steps{:level="4"}

#### :smart-icon{name="streamline-ultimate-color:cog-hand-give-1" size=50} Access Markets  

- From your **Shopify Admin**, go to **Settings → Markets**


#### :smart-icon{name="streamline-ultimate-color:shop-like" size=50} Add a New Market  

- Click **Add Market**.
- Enter a **Market Name**.  
  *(This is for internal reference only and won’t be displayed to customers.)*

#### :smart-icon{name="streamline-ultimate-color:network-browser" size=50} Select Country or Region  

- In the **Countries/Regions** section:
  - Search for the desired **country** or **region**.
  - Select the checkbox next to its name.
- You can add **multiple countries or regions** to a single market.

#### :smart-icon{name="streamline-ultimate-color:floppy-disk-2" size=50} Save the Market  

- Click **Add Market** to finalize the new market.

::alert{type="secondary" icon="lucide:lightbulb"}
You can manage settings for each market later, including pricing, languages, and duties and taxes.
::
::

## Create a Market in Shopify

If your new market does not have a parent market, it will be created with your store’s default settings and no customizations. If you assign a parent market, the new market will automatically inherit the customizations from the parent market.

::card
---
img: /create-market-3.png
---
#title
Markets Creation

#content
Create a market
::

To create a market in Shopify, follow these steps:

::steps{:level="4"}

#### :smart-icon{name="streamline-ultimate-color:e-commerce-touch-buy" size=50} Access Markets  

- From your **Shopify Admin**, click `Create Market`.

#### :smart-icon{name="streamline-ultimate-color:content-paper-edit" size=50} Enter Market Name  

- In the **Name** section, enter a name for your new market.  
- *(This name is for internal reference and not shown to customers.)*


#### :smart-icon{name="streamline-ultimate-color:browser-page-media" size=50} Select Publishing Status  

- Choose the publishing status:
  - **Active:** Display the market immediately to customers.
  - **Draft:** Preview the market before making it live.


#### :smart-icon{name="streamline-ultimate-color:network-pin" size=50} Define Market Conditions  

- In the **Includes** section:
  - Click **Add Condition**.
  - Specify which customers the market should apply to, such as:
    - A specific **region**
    - A **company location** (for B2B)

#### :smart-icon{name="streamline-ultimate-color:shopping-bag-duty-free" size=50} Review and Customize Settings  

- Review inherited settings from your **store defaults** or **parent market**.
- Optionally customize:
  - **Currency**
  - **Catalogs**
  - **Theme**
  - **Domain / Language**
  - **Duties and Taxes**

#### :smart-icon{name="streamline-ultimate-color:floppy-disk-2" size=50} Save the Market  

- Click `Save` to create your new market.

::alert{type="secondary" icon="lucide:lightbulb"}
You can preview the shopper experience for any added languages to ensure proper localization before publishing.
::
::



