---
title: Create a New Market
description: Create a new market in your Shopify store.
icon: lucide:store
toc: false
---

To tailor your store for customers in a particular country or region, add a new market from the Markets page in your Shopify admin. 
When you add a new market, Shopify may suggest recommended markets based on stores similar to yours. These recommendations highlight countries or regions where you are likely to find success, using data from merchants with the same primary market.

## Create a Market

If your new market does not have a parent market, it will be created with your store’s default settings and no customizations. If you assign a parent market, the new market will automatically inherit the customizations from the parent market.

::card
---
img: /Screenshot 2025-08-06 100159.png
---
#title
Market Creation

#content
Create a market
::

To create a market in Shopify, follow these steps:

::steps{:level="4"}

#### :smart-icon{name="streamline-ultimate-color:e-commerce-touch-buy" size=50} Access Markets  

- From your **Shopify Admin**, navigate to **Markets**.
- Click `Create market`.

::card
---
img: /Screenshot 2025-08-06 100159.png
---
::

---

#### :smart-icon{name="streamline-ultimate-color:content-paper-edit" size=50} Enter Market Name  

- In the **Name** section, enter a name for your new market.  
- *(This name is for internal reference and not shown to customers.)*

::card
---
img: /Screenshot 2025-08-06 102557.png
---
::

---

#### :smart-icon{name="streamline-ultimate-color:browser-page-media" size=50} Select Publishing Status  

- Choose the publishing status:
  - **Active:** Display the market immediately to customers.
  - **Draft:** Preview the market before making it live.

---

#### :smart-icon{name="streamline-ultimate-color:network-pin" size=50} Define Market Conditions  

- In the **Includes** section:
  - Click **Add Condition**.
  - Specify which customers the market should apply to, such as:
    - A specific **region**
    - A **company location** (for B2B)

---

#### :smart-icon{name="streamline-ultimate-color:shopping-bag-duty-free" size=50} Review and Customize Settings  

- Review inherited settings from your **store defaults** or **parent market**.
- Optionally customize:
  - **Currency**
  - **Catalogs**
  - **Theme**
  - **Domain / Language**
  - **Duties and Taxes**

---

#### :smart-icon{name="streamline-ultimate-color:floppy-disk-2" size=50} Save the Market  

- Click `Save` to create your new market.

::alert{type="secondary" icon="lucide:lightbulb"}
You can preview the shopper experience for any added languages to ensure proper localization before publishing.
::
::


