---
title: Add Legal Messaging
description: Add the ESW data and privacy notice to the checkout page in your Shopify store.
icon: lucide:scale
toc: false
---

To comply with legal requirements, you must add the ESW data and privacy notice to your Shopify checkout page. This ensures that shoppers are informed about how their data is handled during the checkout process. The legal messaging is designed to integrate the ESW data and privacy notice into your Shopify store's checkout page. This messaging is essential for compliance with legal requirements.

## Requirements

- Install the **International App** and **Payments App**.
- The ESW data and privacy notice can be added to your Shopify checkout page at any stage after installing the International App and Payments App.
- The ESW data and privacy notice must be added before go-live.

## Add Legal Messaging

To add the ESW data and privacy notice to your Shopify checkout page, follow these steps:

::steps{:level="4"}

#### :smart-icon{name="streamline-ultimate-color:e-commerce-touch-buy" size=50 class="align-middle mr-2"} Access Checkout Settings  

::card
---
img: /Screenshot 2025-08-15 132519.png
---
::

- Access **Shopify Admin**.
- From the left panel, navigate to :icon{name="lucide:settings" :size="15"} **Settings → Checkout**

---

#### :smart-icon{name="streamline-ultimate-color:tags-settings" size=50 class="align-middle mr-2"} Navigate to Configuration  

::card
---
img: /Screenshot 2025-08-15 133729.png
---
::

- From the checkout **Configurations** section:  
  - Click <kbd class="min-h-7.5 inline-flex justify-center items-center py-1 px-1.5 bg-white border border-gray-200 font-JetBrains Mono text-sm text-gray-800 shadow-[0px_2px_0px_0px_rgba(0,0,0,0.08)] dark:bg-neutral-900 dark:border-neutral-700 dark:text-neutral-200 dark:shadow-[0px_2px_0px_0px_rgba(255,255,255,0.1)] rounded-md">
    Customize
  </kbd>

---

#### :smart-icon{name="streamline-ultimate-color:website-build" size=50 class="align-middle mr-2"} Add Block

::card
---
img: /Screenshot 2025-08-15 134446.png
---
::

- In the Checkout **Sidebar**, click :icon{name="lineicons:plus-circle" :size="20"} **Add block**.
- Select the block you want to add: <br>
  :icon{name="lucide:blocks" :size="15"} **ESW Privacy Policy**

---

#### :smart-icon{name="streamline-ultimate-color:floppy-disk-2" size=50 class="align-middle mr-2"} Save Changes

::card
---
img: /Screenshot 2025-08-15 134811.png
---
::

- Click **Save** at the top of the screen to publish the updated checkout layout.

::alert{type="info" icon="lucide:info"}
Checkout Blocks let you add custom content to your checkout page without editing theme code.
::
::


