---
title: Shopify Setup
description:  Configuration setup
icon: lucide:monitor-cog
---

## Overview

The Shopify configuration would be handled by ESW, including the setup of Markets, Shipping, Payment Methods, and other necessary configurations within the Shopify admin.

### Markets Creation in Shopify


::card
---
img: /market-creation.png
---
#title
Markets Creation

#content
Add a market
::

To add a new market in Shopify, follow these steps:

::steps
### :smart-icon{name="lucide:store" size=30} Go to [Markets](https://accounts.shopify.com/select?rid=f3f66f40-5f39-47d9-bae1-cd1203948b2a) from your Shopify admin

### :smart-icon{name="lucide:mouse-pointer-click" size=30} Click `Add Market`

### :smart-icon{name="lucide:keyboard" size=30} Enter a Market name

This name would not be displayed to customers.

### :smart-icon{name="lucide:earth" size=30} Search for the country or region you want to add

In the `Countries/regions` section, search for the country or region you want to add and select the checkbox next to its name.

::alert{type="note" icon="lucide:pencil"}
 You can add multiple countries or regions to a market.
::

### :smart-icon{name="lucide:mouse" size=30} Click `Add Market`

::

::card
---
img: /create-market-3.png
---
#title
Markets Creation

#content
Create a market
::

To create a market in Shopify, follow these steps:

::steps
### :smart-icon{name="lucide:store" size=30} Go to [Markets](https://accounts.shopify.com/select?rid=f3f66f40-5f39-47d9-bae1-cd1203948b2a) from your Shopify admin

### :smart-icon{name="lucide:mouse-pointer-click" size=30} Click `Add Market`

### :smart-icon{name="lucide:keyboard" size=30} Enter a Market name

In the **Name** section, enter a name for your new market.

### :smart-icon{name="lucide:monitor-check" size=30} Choose the publishing status for your new market

**Active**: Display the new market to customers immediately.
**Draft**: Preview the market before displaying it on your online store.
::

### :smart-icon{name="lucide:diff" size=30} Add condition

In the Includes section, click `Add condition` to define which customers the market is displayed to (e.g., by region).

### :smart-icon{name="lucide:settings-2" size=30} Review customizations for your new market

 You can customize settings like currency, catalogs, online store theme, and duties and taxes in the **Inherited** section.

### :smart-icon{name="lucide:mouse-pointer-click" size=30} Click `Save`

::