---
title: Product Catalog Integration
description: Workflow details
icon: lucide:folder-sync
---

## 1. Shopify Webhooks

::card
---
icon: 'lucide:webhook'
icon-size: 26
horizontal: true
---

#title
Shopify Webhooks

#description
The app subscribes to Shopify product creation and update events.
::
::card
---
to: https://shopify.dev/docs/api/admin-rest/2025-04/resources/webhook#top
target: _blank
# showLinkIcon: false
icon: 'lucide:shopping-bag'
icon-size: 26
horizontal: true
---

#title
Shopify Webhook

#description
Subscribe to the `products/create` and `products/update` Webhooks in Shopify
::

## 2. API Integration

After receiving the product data, call the :badge[Success]{type="POST"} `/api/v2/RetailerCatalog` endpoint to send it to ESW. Choose one of the following modes depending on your use case:
- Full Catalog Upload: For initial onboarding of your complete product catalog.
- Add New Products: For sending only newly added SKUs to ESW.
- Update Existing Products: For modifying existing SKUs in the ESW system.

::card
---
to: https://shopify.dev/docs/api/admin-rest/2025-04/resources/webhook#top
target: _blank
# showLinkIcon: false
icon: 'lucide:braces'
icon-size: 26
horizontal: true
---

#title
API Integration

#description
Product data from Shopify is posted to ESW using the ESW Catalog API
::

::tabs{variant="card"}
  ::div{label="Parameters"}

```json
[
  {
    "productCode": "11160296020014",
    "name": "JACKET",
    "description": "JACKET",
    "material": "FABRIC 53% cotton, 21% polyester, 21% acrylic, 4% viscose, 1% polyester, lining 100% polyester",
    "countryOfOrigin": "IT",
    "hsCode": "62043290",
    "hsCodeRegion": "EU",
    "category": null,
    "gender": null,
    "ageGroup": null,
    "size": null,
    "weight": null,
    "weightUnit": null,
    "url": null,
    "imageUrl": null,
    "unitPrice": null,
    "dangerousGoods": null,
    "additionalProductCode": null,
    "variantProductCode": null
  }
]
```
::

::div{label="Parameters" icon="lucide:atom"}
::field-group

  ::field{name="productCode" type="string" required}
  Brand's unique master identifier or SKU. Should match the SKU used on the retailer’s site.
  ::

  ::field{name="name" type="string" required}
  Product name. Should match product title on landing page and include distinguishing features.
  ::

  ::field{name="description" type="string" required}
  Short description used for customs clearance.
  ::

  ::field{name="material" type="string" required}
  Primary and secondary materials, used for customs clearance.
  ::

  ::field{name="countryOfOrigin" type="string" required}
  ISO 3166 alpha-2 code of the product's country of manufacture.
  ::

  ::field{name="hsCode" type="string" required}
  HS code (minimum 6 digits, padded to 8). Required for customs.
  ::

  ::field{name="hsCodeRegion" type="string" required}
  ESW-defined region corresponding to the HS code.
  ::

  ::field{name="category" type="string"}
  Optional ESW product category.
  ::

  ::field{name="gender" type="string"}
  Intended gender for the product.
  ::

  ::field{name="ageGroup" type="string"}
  Intended age group for the product.
  ::

  ::field{name="size" type="string"}
  Size of the product (e.g., Small, Large, 32D).
  ::

  ::field{name="weight" type="number"}
  Product weight without packaging. Required if weightUnit is set.
  ::
::